# Viltek Consulting
Professional Website

Our Motto is to boost the user experience and help maximize business values, improve quality of service and expand an organization's capabilities and effectiveness. This is an over-arching principle that drives why we do what we do. At Viltek Consulting, we come to work because we love creating solutions to organizational problems in LIMS and websites. Where have you seen a LIMS that is married to a sleek web design? The fact that we handle LIMS and Web/App design and development as distinct entities sets us apart.
We are accomplished, results-oriented IT professional with more than twenty years of experience guiding teams through all phases of software development, including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, implementation, and support. We pride ourselves in being critical thinkers with efficiency in leveraging exceptional problem-solving skills to develop innovative database and application solutions.
Viltek Consulting has a proven track record of creating, implementing, and expounding upon processes that seamlessly evolve around software and hardware interfaces. We have been recognized for proficiency in defining system requirements, designing applications, and managing technical systems. We have exceptional communication and interpersonal skills that contribute to solid teamwork, relationship building, and stakeholder engagement.
By combining LIMS knowledge, database knowledge, and web design/development knowledge we are capable of producing unique products that are unmatched and will help to maximize the business values.
